The application is developed under Windows 7 64bit, not tested on other systems, but it should work.
The bats are only for Windows, you will have to create your own scripts for other systems.

1. Import project to Eclipse IDE 
    1. Install Eclipse and JDK (7 or higher)
    2. Install Maven to Eclipse (no need in Eclipse Kepler or higher)
    3. Install Spring core to Eclipse (better install just the core, nothing else or it will infest your Eclipse)
    4. Slick repository does not work, so you have to create a local repository
        1. Copy dev/slick.jar where you want to have the repository (you can use newer version of slick if you have it)
        2. Edit dev/install_slick_repo.bat and fill path to your slick (you also need Maven binares, described in "Building jar")
        3. Run the bat
	5. Download (checkout) my utils project: https://sourceforge.net/projects/wautilsjava
    6. In Eclipse: File - Import - Maven - Existing maven projects, fill project root directory and press Finish (import this project and the WaUtils)
    7. If you use JDK > 7, edit pom.xml and fix the version (lines 25 and 26)
    8. Right click on WaUtils - Run As - Maven install
    9. Right click on SecretAgent - Run As - Maven install, there should be no errors now
	10. Copy LWJGL libraries to the project root (described in start_help.txt)
    11. Right click on the project - Run As - Java Application, it should run with no errors
    12. Import the included formatter

2. Building jar
    1. Download and install Maven binaries
    2. Add path to maven/bin in your system or fill path to your mvn.exe in 1_mvn_build.bat
		On Windows edit environment variables, find PATH and add the desired path
	3. Build the project (better clean build)
	4. Run Maven install on WaUtils
		You need to do this only if something changed in the project since last install
	5. Run Maven install on SecretAgent (it may end with error that there is no compiler, in that case run it again)
    6. Run 1_mvn_build.bat, there should be bunch of INFO, no WARN or ERROR, it will create some jars in directory target
    7. Run 2_copy_jar.bat (it will copy and rename the executable jar from target to project root)
    8. (Not needed, it will only reduce jar size) Open SecretAgent.jar with a zip extractor and delete all LWJGL libraries (.dll, .jnilib, .so, .dylib)
		They work only if they are in the project root, not if they are in the jar

3. Code entry point
    Source codes: src/main/java
    Application context: src/main/resources
    Main class: cz.wa.secretagent.launcher.SecretAgentMain
